There might be case scenarios where you want to get permission for an operator to
transfer all your tokens and the set approval for our method is just for that.
This makes it more convenient for an exchange to the trades on your behalf.
This is specifically for operators,
they can exchange our marketplace and not an individual person or user.
To do that, we'll create a new mapping.
This will be a nested mapping that given a user and given an operator will
return a true or false for whether or not they're
operator can transfer tokens on that user's behalf.
To implement the setup rule for our method,
we simply set the given operator to have
the given approval permissions for the caller of this method.
We'll also need to emit the approval for our event given the owner,
operator, and permission status.
To implement there is approval for our method,
we simply return a permission status in our mapping given the owner and the operator.
We'll change this method from being external to public so that once again,
we can use it in our modifier function called has permission.
Here we'll check if the caller has approval over
all that users tokens and is therefore approved to make the transaction.
Great. Now, let's test this logic also.
So, we'll have another describe block to test the approval for our behavior.
Once again, lamented token ID of one to user one and then have that
user given operator permission over other tokens and capture that transaction receipt.
We'll then test if the operator is indeed approved for all the user one's assets.
The other tests we might want to add are similar to the ones we've done before.
So, let me do those on your own.
Great, our test passed.
Lastly, there may be scenarios where we might want to test a transaction to fail.
Let's make a helper function that will help us expect a throat or failed transaction.
We'll actually assert that the error for that transaction exists.
This might be useful for example to test that a
random person trying to steal some tokens,
this model allowed to do so.
Okay. Let's run our test one last time to make sure everything works. Great job.
That was a tough code in a lot of test cases.
Writings to my contracts well requires a ton of test intelligence.
Even though it might seem like we wrote a lot of tests here,
for a production project we would write a lot more to achieve
the highest code coverage possible and test a lot more scenarios.
Next step, I'll show you how to transfer
our star notary service to be a non-fungible token.